Add overview of the procedure of contributing software to the EESSI software stack (#126)
EESSI/docs: docs/adding_software/overview.md

# Overview of adding software to EESSI

> We welcome contributions to EESSI software stack. This page shows an overview of the procedures of contributing to the EESSI repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome contributions to the EESSI software stack. This page shows the procedure and provides links to the contribution policy and the technical details of making a contribution. 
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions. They all look good.

## Contribute a software to EESSI software stack

<p align="center">
  <img width="50%" src="../img/contribute_software_workflow.png" alt="EESSI contribute software">
</p>

> ## Contributing a ReFrame test to EESSI test suite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing a ReFrame test to the EESSI test suite
```

> Ideally, contributor makes a ReFrame test for the software he plans to contribute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally, a contributor prepares a ReFrame test for the software to be added to the EESSI software stack. 
```
